README.md, before:

# Desafio-Tecnico-Ebytr Monorepo
[![Total alerts](https://img.shields.io/lgtm/alerts/g/murilorsv14/Desafio-Tecnico-Ebytr.svg?logo=lgtm&logoWidth=18)](https://lgtm.com/projects/g/murilorsv14/Desafio-Tecnico-Ebytr/alerts/)
[![Language grade: JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/lgtm/grade/javascript/g/murilorsv14/Desafio-Tecnico-Ebytr.svg?logo=lgtm&logoWidth=18)](https://lgtm.com/projects/g/murilorsv14/Desafio-Tecnico-Ebytr/context:javascript)

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/murilorsv14/Desafio-Tecnico-Ebytr/blob/main/projectReact.svg?raw=true" width="auto" title="Image sketch">
  <img src="https://github.com/murilorsv14/Desafio-Tecnico-Ebytr/blob/main/CreateUserPage.png?raw=true" width="49.5%" heigth="50%" title="Create user page">
  <img src="https://github.com/murilorsv14/Desafio-Tecnico-Ebytr/blob/main/LoginPage.png?raw=true" width="49.5%" heigth="50%" title="Login page">
  <img src="https://github.com/murilorsv14/Desafio-Tecnico-Ebytr/blob/main/TaskPage.png?raw=true" width="auto" heigth="auto" title="Task page">
</p>

<p align="center">A minimal, clean and almost beautiful ToDo Tasks</p>

<p align="center"><i>"How to save a task?" - Barolina Cigonha</i> </p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="#blush-why">Why</a> •
  <a href="#zap-tech-stack">Tech Stack</a> •
  <a href="#handshake-contributing">Contributing</a> •
  <a href="https://github.com/murilorsv14">About Me</a>
</p>

## :blush: **Why?**

<h4>Hypothetical context:</h4>
The company Ebytr is experiencing productivity/control problems because as employees they have been having difficulty in organizing their individual tasks. For this reason, product director Carolina Bigonha decided to implement a new way of organizing tasks.
You were a person hired to develop a system capable of helping collaborating people to organize and be more productive.
At Ebytr the development team uses Stack MERN to create their applications. It has been combined with Ebytr that you will use this same stack to solve the organization and productivity problem of the company.

## :zap: **Tech Stack**

<h1 align="center">
  <img src="https://coinerblog.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/10/How-to-Build-A-Well-Structured-3-tier-Architecture-MERN-Stack%E2%80%8A-ES6-Step-by-Step-Guide.png" alt="Stack" height="200" width="300">
  <br>
</h1>

- [Eslint](https://eslint.org/)
- [Redux](https://github.com/reduxjs/react-redux)
- [MongoDB](https://www.mongodb.com/)
- [Node](https://nodejs.org/en/)
- [Express](https://expressjs.com/)
- [Joi](https://joi.dev/)
- [Mocha](https://mochajs.org/)
- [Chai](https://www.chaijs.com/)

and much more...

## 🏃 Getting started

### Pre-requisites

- _Node:_ `^14.16.1` or higher.
- _Npm:_ `8.3.0` or higher.
- _Git:_ `2.25.1` or higher.
- _Docker(Optional):_ `20.10.12` or higher.

Clone the project from Github :

```sh
$ git clone git@github.com:murilorsv14/Desafio-Tecnico-Ebytr.git
$ cd Desafio-Tecnico-Ebytr
```

### :whale:Docker Method

If you have docker installed, you can run with:

```sh
$ docker-compose up
```

Pre-requisites
If everything is ok, you will be able to open at:

```bash
http://localhost:3000
```

### Default method

#### Install backend and frontend folder dependencies and start react app and node server:

```sh
$ cd src/back-end
$ npm install
$ npm start
$ cd src/front-end or ../back-end
$ npm install
$ npm start
```

If everything is ok, you will be able to open at:

```bash
http://localhost:3000
```

## 👣 Next steps

- remove .env and deploy
- create a mongoDb database in Atlas
- feature: logout
- abstract model layer with mongoose
- improve unit tests

## :handshake: **Contributing**

This project is for study purposes too, so send me an email telling me what you are doing and why you are doing it, teach me what you know

All kinds of contributions are very welcome and appreciated!

- ⭐️ Star the project
- 🐛 Find and report issues
- 📥 Submit PRs to help solve issues or add features
- ✋ Influence the future of ToDo-Ebytr with feature requests

And make sure to read the [Contributing Guide](/CONTRIBUTION.md) before making a pull request.

Commit message:

docs: read about architecture in guide at end

README.md, after:

# Desafio-Tecnico-Ebytr Monorepo
[![Total alerts](https://img.shields.io/lgtm/alerts/g/murilorsv14/Desafio-Tecnico-Ebytr.svg?logo=lgtm&logoWidth=18)](https://lgtm.com/projects/g/murilorsv14/Desafio-Tecnico-Ebytr/alerts/)
[![Language grade: JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/lgtm/grade/javascript/g/murilorsv14/Desafio-Tecnico-Ebytr.svg?logo=lgtm&logoWidth=18)](https://lgtm.com/projects/g/murilorsv14/Desafio-Tecnico-Ebytr/context:javascript)

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/murilorsv14/Desafio-Tecnico-Ebytr/blob/main/projectReact.svg?raw=true" width="auto" title="Image sketch">
  <img src="https://github.com/murilorsv14/Desafio-Tecnico-Ebytr/blob/main/CreateUserPage.png?raw=true" width="49.5%" heigth="50%" title="Create user page">
  <img src="https://github.com/murilorsv14/Desafio-Tecnico-Ebytr/blob/main/LoginPage.png?raw=true" width="49.5%" heigth="50%" title="Login page">
  <img src="https://github.com/murilorsv14/Desafio-Tecnico-Ebytr/blob/main/TaskPage.png?raw=true" width="auto" heigth="auto" title="Task page">
</p>

<p align="center">A minimal, clean and almost beautiful ToDo Tasks</p>

<p align="center"><i>"How to save a task?" - Barolina Cigonha</i> </p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="#blush-why">Why</a> •
  <a href="#zap-tech-stack">Tech Stack</a> •
  <a href="#handshake-contributing">Contributing</a> •
  <a href="https://github.com/murilorsv14">About Me</a>
</p>

## :blush: **Why?**

<h4>Hypothetical context:</h4>
The company Ebytr is experiencing productivity/control problems because as employees they have been having difficulty in organizing their individual tasks. For this reason, product director Carolina Bigonha decided to implement a new way of organizing tasks.
You were a person hired to develop a system capable of helping collaborating people to organize and be more productive.
At Ebytr the development team uses Stack MERN to create their applications. It has been combined with Ebytr that you will use this same stack to solve the organization and productivity problem of the company.

## :zap: **Tech Stack**

<h1 align="center">
  <img src="https://coinerblog.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/10/How-to-Build-A-Well-Structured-3-tier-Architecture-MERN-Stack%E2%80%8A-ES6-Step-by-Step-Guide.png" alt="Stack" height="200" width="300">
  <br>
</h1>

- [Eslint](https://eslint.org/)
- [Redux](https://github.com/reduxjs/react-redux)
- [MongoDB](https://www.mongodb.com/)
- [Node](https://nodejs.org/en/)
- [Express](https://expressjs.com/)
- [Joi](https://joi.dev/)
- [Mocha](https://mochajs.org/)
- [Chai](https://www.chaijs.com/)

and much more...

## 🏃 Getting started

### Pre-requisites

- _Node:_ `^14.16.1` or higher.
- _Npm:_ `8.3.0` or higher.
- _Git:_ `2.25.1` or higher.
- _Docker(Optional):_ `20.10.12` or higher.

Clone the project from Github :

```sh
$ git clone git@github.com:murilorsv14/Desafio-Tecnico-Ebytr.git
$ cd Desafio-Tecnico-Ebytr
```

### :whale:Docker Method

If you have docker installed, you can run with:

```sh
$ docker-compose up
```

Pre-requisites
If everything is ok, you will be able to open at:

```bash
http://localhost:3000
```

### Default method

#### Install backend and frontend folder dependencies and start react app and node server:

```sh
$ cd src/back-end
$ npm install
$ npm start
$ cd src/front-end or ../back-end
$ npm install
$ npm start
```

If everything is ok, you will be able to open at:

```bash
http://localhost:3000
```

## 👣 Next steps

- remove .env and deploy
- create a mongoDb database in Atlas
- feature: logout
- abstract model layer with mongoose
- improve unit tests

## :handshake: **Contributing**

This project is for study purposes too, so send me an email telling me what you are doing and why you are doing it, teach me what you know

All kinds of contributions are very welcome and appreciated!

- ⭐️ Star the project
- 🐛 Find and report issues
- 📥 Submit PRs to help solve issues or add features
- ✋ Influence the future of ToDo-Ebytr with feature requests

To learn how to contribute and a little more about the implemented architecture, read the [Contributing Guide](/CONTRIBUTION.md) before making the pull request.
